---
Classification	        :	Notes
Discipline				:	ULFN
Source					:	
Description				:	Product Requirement Document (PRD)
---

# Introduction
## What is the Unified Learning Framework Navigator (ULFN)?
> Read document 266










# Rich text capabilities
- [LaTex through KaTeX](https://katex.org/)
- [Mermaid.js](mermaid.ai/open-source)
- [Pandoc's Markdown](https://pandoc.org/MANUAL.html#pandocs-markdown)










# Existing alternatives
**Obsidian**

**Anki**










# Pages
## Document Selector
## Document Viewer
## Documents Playlists
## Documents Validation










# Document Metadata
- Classification
- Discipline
- Source
- Description

## Document Classification
There are 5 document classifications:

- Notes
- Cloze Exercise
- Keywords Exercise
- Formula-Based Exercise
- Multiple Choice Exercise





## Notes
- The document classification **Notes** shall be defined as documents which are meant to be read and studied, without any interactive elements or exercises.





## Formula-Based Exercise
- The document classification **Formula-Based Exercise** shall be defined as exercises which require solving problems which have a single correct answer, determined by logical or mathematical reasoning
- The answer shall be shown at the end of the page in a dedicated section, after the user chooses to reveal it by clicking a button





## Cloze Exercise
- The document classification **Cloze Exercise** shall be defined as exercises which require filling in blanks or partial answers
- The Cloze page shall replace each blank with an input field for user answers.
- The text inside the braces and asterisks shall be treated as the possible correct answers
- The possible correct answers for each blank shall be separated by the pipe character `|`
- The input fields shall be checked after each keypress to provide immediate feedback, case-insensitive. (This is to encourage learning through immediate feedback, even if through trial and error)
- The input fields shall become **red** if the answer is incorrect, **green** if correct or **yellow** if partially correct (the current input is a prefix of the correct answer)
- The end of the page shall include a section with the answers for reference.
- The answers section shall become visible only after all blanks are filled in, correctly or incorrectly, which will be explained in the instructions.

```markdown
## Exercise about animals
The quick brown **{fox}** jumps over the **{lazy|sluggish}** dog
```





## Keywords Exercise
- The document classification **Keywords Exercise** shall be defined as exercises which require identifying or using specific keywords in a given context
- The page shall display the previous attempts made by the user
- The new attempts shall be written directly at the Markdown file using VSCode
- The attempts shall be displayed in reverse chronological order (most recent first)
- The keywords shall include synonyms and related terms to allow for some flexibility in the answers, while still encouraging the use of specific terminology
- To utilize the keywords grading engine in your exercises, you must configure the rules using a specific syntax. 

**Section Placement**
All rules must be placed under the specific heading `## Expected Keywords`.

**Rule Syntax**
Each rule must be a list item (starting with a `-`) followed by the required quantity of words, and then the comma-separated words.
* *Format:* `- [Required Quantity] [word 1], [word 2], [phrase 3]`
* *Example:* `- 2 tenacidade à fratura, tenacidade ao impacto, ductilidade`. (This means the student must use at least 2 of these 3 terms to get the points).

**Adding Comments**
Any text inside the `## Expected Keywords` section that does not strictly follow the `- [number] [words]` format is ignored by the parser. You can freely use headings, bold text, or regular paragraphs to categorize and explainyour rules.




```markdown
# Student Prompt
2. Citar e explicar os procedimentos possíveis de serem feitos que favoreçam propriedades mecânicas favoráveis em produtos fundidos.

# Notes
Falar o trajeto inteiro, desde a fusão do minério de ferro até os tratamentos térmicos

# Iterations
## 2026-04-06T17:38:03Z
Remover impurezas, realizar tratamentos térmicos, adicionar elementos de liga, controlar a microestrutura.

## 2026-04-06T08:49:11Z
Adicionar elementos de liga.


# Expected Keywords
## Específicos da questão

- 3 composição química, microestrutura, integridade estrutural
- 2 tratamentos térmicos, controle de resfriamento, controle de solidificação

## Conectivos
**Adição/Continuação**

- 1 além disso, ademais, outrossim, bem como, não apenas, mas também, além do mais, soma-se a isso, paralelamente

**Oposição/Contraste**

- 1 entretanto, todavia, contudo, porém, no entanto, por outro lado
```





## Multiple Choice Exercise
- The document classification **Multiple Choice Exercise** shall be defined as exercises which require selecting single or multiple answers from a list of options
- The user shall be able to click on the choices to select them.
- The selected choices shall indicate instantly if they are correct or incorrect.
- The options shall be displayed in random order each time the page is loaded.
- The correct and incorrect choices shall be indicated in the Markdown using the following syntax

```markdown
## What of the following are prime numbers?
- [x] 2 
- [x] 3
- [ ] 4
- [ ] 6
```










# Spaced Repetition Metrics

## Spaced Repetition Metrics - Exercises (SRME)

### Abbreviations
- LAS: Latest Attempt Status
- DSLA: Days Since Last Attempt
- LaMI: Latest Memory Interval
- PMG-D: Potential Memory Gain - Days
- PMG-X: Potential Memory Gain - Multiplier

- WH: With Help
- WOH: Without Help
- N/A: Not Applicable
- SA: Single Attempt

### Definitions
- LAS: can assume two values: "with help" and "without help". This refers to the outcome of the last attempt. If I need any kind of assistance to solve the exercise, the attempt must be indicated as "with help", otherwise, it shall be marked with "without help".

- Attempts Summary: three values separated by '/'. Indicates the amount of total attempts, the amuont of attempts with help and the amount of attempts without help.

- DSLA: indicates the number of complete days since the exercise was last attempt, with or without help.

- LaMI: indicates the number of complete days between these last two attempts. It only applies when the last attempt was without help.

- PMG-D: indicates how much LaMI will increase/decrease, in days, if I am able to solve the question without any assistance. (DLSA - LaMI).

- PMG-X: Indicates how much LaMI will increase/decrease, as a factor, if I am able to solve the question without any assistance. (DLSA / LaMI). It only applies when the last attempt was without help.

#### Observations, edge cases and comments
- When the last attempt was with help, LaMI becomes 0 and PMG-X is shown as `N/A` to avoid division by 0 
- For a single attempt without help, PMG-X is shown as `SA`, to avoid division by 0
- My objective is to increase LaMI. This can be achieved by doing the exercises when PMG-X is greater than 1.


### Examples
#### If no attempt was ever made
- LAS: N/A
- DSLA: N/A
- LaMI: N/A
- PMG-D: N/A
- PMG-X: N/A

#### Markdown example
```markdown
## Attempts

2024-11-07T06:00:00Z 0
2025-01-24T06:00:00Z 1
2025-02-20T06:00:00Z 1
```



















## Spaced Repetition Metrics - Global (SRMG)

### Abbreviations
Between the filtered exercises:
<!-- To be updated -->

* **Total-Exercise-Count**: Total number of exercises that match the filter criteria
* **Total-U**: Number of exercises where total attempts is 0
* **Total-WOH**: Number of exercises where the last attempt was without help
* **Total-WH**: Number of exercises where the last attempt was with help
* **Total-PMG-D**: Sum of PMG-D for all filtered exercises
* **Total-LaMI**: Sum of LaMI for all filtered exercises
* **Average-PMG-X**: Average PMG-X for all filtered exercises


### Observations, edge cases and comments
* If **T-WH** is rising without being caused for new questions being added, it indicates the material is becoming too difficult or intervals are too wide.

### SRMG Dashboard
#### Bar Chart: Exercise Distribution
- X-axis: Attempt Status
- Y-axis: Number of Exercises
- Bars:
    - PMG-X <= 1 (The primary goal is to maximize the number of exercises in this category, removing the from the other ones. This will be specially assisted by the next chart, which will help me identify which exercises to focus on)
    - PMG-X > 1
    - LAS = With Help
    - Single Attempt (LAS = Without Help)
    - Never Attempted

#### Scatter Plot: "Urgency vs. Value"
- X-Axis: Potential Memory Gain - Days (PMG-D)
- Y-Axis: Potential Memory Gain Multiplier (PMG-X)
- The Dots: Each exercise is a dot.
- Top Right (High Urgency, High Value): Long time since review + High multiplier. Study these first.
- Bottom Left: Recently reviewed. Ignore.

#### Bar Chart: T-LaMI Increase Over Time
- X-axis: Time Periods in weeks
- Y-axis: T-LaMI Increase (sum of LaMI for exercises reviewed in that period)