---
Classification	        :	Keywords Exercise
Discipline				:	ULFN
Source					:	
Description				:	What is the ULFN
---

# Student Prompt
Write about the ULFN.


# Notes
## The Minto Pyramid Principle

**Fill in the top box**
1 What Subject are you discussing? 
2 What Question are you answering in the reader's mind about the Subject? 
3 What is the Answer? 

**Match the answer to the introduction**
4 What is the Situation?
5  What is the Complication? 
2 Do the Question and Answer still follow? Yes

**Find the key line**
6 What new Question is raised by the Answer?
7 Will you Answer it deductively or inductively?
7 If inductively, what is your plural noun?

**Structure the support points**
8 Repeat the Question/Answer process at this level.


## p56
### SCQA
Situation - Complication - Question - Answer
- Have a task to perform - Something stops us from performing that task - What should we do? - Answer
- Have a problem - Know the solution - How do we implement the solution? - Answer
- Have a problem - A solution has been suggested - Is it the right solution? - Answer
- Took an action - Action didn't work - Why not? - Answer





# Iterations
## 2026-05-24T23:03:00Z
<!-- Have a task to perform - Something stops us from performing that task - What should we do? - Answer -->
S = As humans, learning is a fundamental part of our journey. However, despite it's importance and usefulness, most people can improve a lot in how they learn.
C = Learning, however, can be tricky for deeply understanding a subject, especially when they have a lot of prerequisites. 
Q = (What should we do?)
A = This situation makes it necessary to have a good system in place to learn effectively, and the ULFN is an application developed for this purpose.





## 2026-05-24T17:05:37Z

**v2 (Implicit form)**
<!-- S-C-Q-A Flow: Your logic perfectly follows the Situation $\rightarrow$ Complication $\rightarrow$ Question $\rightarrow$ Answer narrative. -->

(Situation) I have always found myself having to relearn multiple things throughout college, basically from scratch, which is very time-consuming, inefficient and makes me uncapable of learning deeply complex and nested subjects. (Complication) My physical notes were almost never with me and when I tried migrating to digital form, it was always impractical because they were scattered across multiple folders, so I had a really hard time finding what I needed. Not only that, but I had no system in place to review what I studied other than by vibes. (Question/Answer) To solve these problems, I created the Unified Learning Framework Navigator (ULFN).


**v1 (Declarative form)**
The subject that is going to be discussed is the ULFN. The first question that is going to be answered is what the ULFN is. The ULFN is an application developed to navigate across an Unified Learning Framework (ULF), hence the name ULFN (Unified Learning Framework Navigator). The situation is that I have always found myself having to relearn multiple things throughout college, basically from scratch, which is very time-consuming, it is very inefficient and makes me uncapable of learning deeply complex and nested subjects. The complications are that my physical notes were almost never with me and when I tried migrating to digital form, it was always impractical because they were scattered across multiple folders, so I had a really hard time finding what I needed. Not only that, but I had no system in place to review what I studied other than by vibes.

This raises some questions, such as what is this ULF, why does it need a navigator and how does these solve the described problem.



(p2) What problems does the ULFN tries to solve
(p2) The main problems the ULFN tries to solve is long-term storage and review for notes and exercises.








## 2026-05-18T19:08:37Z
The ULFN is a note-taking application with review capabilities in mind from the ground up.

It tries to reduce some problems, especially vibe studying. When studying a discipline, it's hard to determine if you should go back to review something or move on with new content. To solve this problem, it's necessary to have in place some kind of spaced-repetition system, which tells you if it's time to review or not.



## 2026-05-18T18:14:53Z
The ULFN is an application developed to unify all my learning. It was created to solve two main problems when relating to learning and studying in general: my notes and learning in general was scattered across multiple places. Not only this, but I didn't really have a way to review what I studied except for vibes. I wanted something that I could use spaced repetition effectively. However, some software that do this only do this, but I needed a place to store notes and exercises, generally very complex exercises (which sometimes needed multiple images and dozens of LaTeX lines of code) that don't fit the idea of flashcards very well.

So across the years I developed the ULFN, a place where notes and exercises can be stored, in a way that minimizes friction when taking notes and reviewing exercises, even complex ones.


# Expected Keywords
## Nameless cagory
- 1 vibe, vibes
- 1 review
- 1 spaced-repetition, spaced retrieval

# Attempts
